Dr. Jiang. Where does your family live?
But after I finish this matter, I will definitely go to your house specifically,
There is also a line of uncles and aunties to you. You are welcome,
This service provider is my mission. and,
I don't have parents either. I grew up in Guo Er Yuan. doctor,
Doctor, how are you doing? The operation was successful,
At that time, the patient's condition was still unstable and he needed to stay in the hospital for observation.
Thank you doctor. You go ahead,
Won’t you clean it up? Mr. Sheng,
I know the cause of the chairman's car accident.
Something went wrong with the Tokisha Shot. Sure enough,
It's all in there while you're gone. Before including the young lady,
Have we found our way home?
But I haven’t contacted anyone yet
She may not wake up
Everything can only be seen in a certain year